# A Unified Spatially Coupled Code Design

Spatially-Coupled (SC)-LDPC codes are known to have outstanding properties in both asymptotic and finite-length regimes. The previous works on LDPC and SC-LDPC codes mostly take either an asymptotic or a finite-length view. Recently, multi-block coding was implemented using SC-LDPC structure to provide optional sub-block decoding for faster access to the coded information than via global decoding. The previous research in this regard takes asymptotic view. In this paper, we present a unified framework for designing protograph-based SC-LDPC codes with or without locality. This mixed approach has rarely been applied in designing SC codes and is beneficial for optimizing graph code for improved local and global performance. Toward this goal, we first identify a significant redundancy in the set of all possible protographs, which notable reduces complexity of the optimization procedure. We then measure two design metrics, the decoding threshold and cycle count, as predictors for the asymptotic and finite-length performance, respectively. These two metrics are combined to discard inferior codes and to order the surviving codes on an  asymptotic-vs.-finite-length trade-off scale. Finally we extend the unified framework for SC-LDPC codes with locality in two steps: designing global code and designing local code. For latter, we precisely describe how to add irregularity into the local codes.

This GitHub Repo contains all the codes used to produce the results in our paper entitled: "A Unified Spatially Coupled Code Design: Threshold, Cycles, and Locality" submitted for publication in IEEE Transactions of Communications (TCOM) and published in arXiv.
